# bootcamp-homework9

## README.md File Generator

### Brief Description

CLI application to generate README.md dynamically by using node in terminal. User will be prompted several questions to populate the readme file that is going to be autogenerated by the end of the program. 

### Link to the Project

* https://github.com/AstridSuhartono/bootcamp-homework9
* https://astridsuhartono.github.io/bootcamp-homework9/

### Video Recording

Click the following link to see the video demo:

### How to Start

**Basic Setup**

The application utilise Node and npm, which is scripted in index.js for the main function and generateMarkdown.js to generate the template of the readme file. Npm packages used in the application are inquirer, fs, and util.

**Usage Instructions**

The following is the instructions to use the application:
* Open CLI terminal and navigate to the relevant folder location where the application is located
* install necessary node package by running `npm install`
* Application is then invoked by the following command `node index.js`
* Answers the questions prompted from the terminal to populate the README file
* The readme file will be auto generated with a name of `PROJECT_README.md`


### Code Style

The application is build by following the common standard styling conventions. Indentation is implemented by using a "hanging paragraph" style. 
White spaces is implemented to enchance readibility. The naming convention in programming is adopted to help understand the source code.

### Authors

Author: Astrid Suhartono, 20th of April 2020.